More security considerations (#42)
rahelFain/combined-diem-uses-reqs: draft-ietf-diem-requirements.md

# Security Considerations

> Because this is a requirements document, it does not directly have security considerations.

Reviewer: This is just a suggestion, but I would remove this sentence, and the word However below. 

```suggestion
```

> However, multiple of the defined requirements have security implications, in particular, query response ({{response-reqs}}), removable ({{removable}}), undetectable validation ({{undet-validation}}), validation ({{validation}}), and authorization ({{authorization}}).

Reviewer: Rewording suggestion:

```suggestion
Many of the requirements defined in this document have security implications: in particular, query response ({{response-reqs}}), removable ({{removable}}), undetectable validation ({{undet-validation}}), validation ({{validation}}), and authorization ({{authorization}}).
```

The DIEM architecture and respective standards must define desired security guarantees and respective threat models.
For example, in a use case where removability is needed, there are security considerations such as the potential for replay of removed emblems.
Similarly, for emblems that require validation or authorization, specifications must address falsified presentation of emblems.

Moreover, there may be use case specific risks.

> For example, one cannot assume that an adversary will respect a valid, protective emblem, and therefore such an emblem cannot actively stop or defend against an attack.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you are trying to say here. An emblem isn't usually considered an actor that can stop or defend itself.

Is the intention to say something like this?
"Some emblem types are intended to signal specific rights or status by law, convention, or agreement.
As with physical emblems, the presence of a digital emblem exists to inform; it does not insure that the corresponding rights or status will be respected by those who are privy to the emblem.
In some cases, the presentation of an emblem may even result in a greater likelihood of attack."

Author: Yes! Using your text now.

> Drafts that address specific use cases should consider such use-case specific risks and their consequences, for example, whether falsely denying as to never having seen an emblem may be a threat (see also {{proof-pres}}).

Reviewer: There are too many negatives (3) in a row here.  Maybe 

```suggestion
Specifications that address specific use cases should consider such use-case-specific risks and their consequences.
For example, a party might claim that no emblem was presented, even while an emblem was available (see also {{proof-pres}}).
```
